[Term Entry] Python String Function: format_map() (#3323)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/strings/terms/format-map/format-map.md

---
Title: '.format_map()'

> Description: 'Returns a dictionary key’s value.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the values from a given dictionary.'
```

Reviewer: apostrophes are not permitted in the metadata

Subjects:
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/analyze-data-with-python'

>   - 'paths/data-science'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: there should only be 2 items under catalog content

---

> The `.format_map()` string method takes a single parameter which is the input dictionary and returns key's values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.format_map()`** string method takes a single parameter which is the input dictionary and returns the key's values.
```

## Syntax

> ```py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

string.format_map(d)
```

> `d` is a variable in which the input dictionary is stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`d` is the dictionary to be addressed.
```

## Example

> The example below uses `.format_map()` takes in a variable `a` which stores a dictionary and returns the value of the key `x` and `y`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below uses `.format_map()` to return the values stored in `x` and `y`:
```

```py

> # input stored in variable a.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Input stored in variable a.
```

a = {'x':'Mike', 'y':'Perry'}

# Use of format_map() function
print("That DJ is {x} {y}".format_map(a))
```

The output will look like this:

```shell
That DJ is Mike Perry
```

## Codebyte Example

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code is runnable and demonstrates the use of `.format_map()`:
```
